Welcome to the Learn Special Effects Makeup
channel on Youtube.
This lesion in the series of severe laceration
is the slit wrist.
You start up, by measuring out the scar wax
you need for your desired wound, make sure
the scar wax matches the skin tone you are
going to apply it to.
Use your spatula to place the wax on you skin.
In order to remove tool marks and create skin
texture, you need to put some lotion on the
wax.
Use the spatula to feather out you edges on
the skin, and go over the wax with some different
sponges. I use a textures sponge at first,
and then a soft sponge, to give me my desired
skin texture.
To create the wound, use you tool to model
up the shape you want. Be careful, and don’t
use any pointy tools.
I always remove some of the wax in the middle,
to make an even deeper wound.
To apply the makeup, I use the skin illustrator
on set palette. It’s a 99% alcohol activated
makeup, witch allows me to build up my makeup
in layers. I start up by using some blue and
red around the wound, to make it appear more
sore.
Then I add some brown to is as well, to make
it look really irritated and a bit infected.
For the blood, I use some fresh scratch where
I want my wound to look deep and brutal. The
second step is to add some blood paste. This
gives the wound a nice 3d texture, and I wanted
to look for this wound to be really messy
and deep. The blood I ad in layers as well.
Take something on, and dap it away with some
tissue, to make it look more realistic.
Continue these steps until you have your desired
effect.
I hope you liked this video id you did, please
subscribe to the channel.
Click the hands for the other tutorials in
the series of severe laceration, and please
let me know in the comments down below witch
hand you like the best.